Added NextJS topic (#2040)
github/explore: topics/nextjs/index.md

---
aliases: next, next-js
created_by: Vercel
display_name: Next
github_url: https://github.com/vercel/next.js
logo: nextjs.png
released: October 25, 2016

> short_description: Next.js is an open-source React front-end development web framework

Author: Hi @damaneice 👋. I made the suggested corrections. Thanks you for help! 😄

topic: nextjs
url: https://nextjs.org/
wikipedia_url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Next.js
---

> Next.js is an opensource React front-end development web framework that enables functionality such as server-side rendering and generating static websites for React-based web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js is an open source React front-end development web framework that enables functionality such as server-side rendering and generating static websites for React-based web applications.
```

> Next.js is an open-source React front-end development web framework that enables functionality such as server-side rendering and generating static websites for React based web applications.

Author: I forgot that little mistake 😅. Adjusted ✔
